google is doing all kind of things in this era.at current status the company is doing reserch on AI.
the wikipedia  is saying :: 
Stanford University professor Andrew Ng who, since around 2006, became interested in using deep learning techniques to crack
the problem of artificial intelligence, started a deep learning project in 2011 as one of the Google X projects. He then joined
with Google Fellow Jeff Dean to develop "the Google brain" as it was first referred to.

In June 2012, the New York Times reported that a cluster of 16,000 computers dedicated to mimicking some aspects of human brain
activity had successfully trained itself to recognize a cat based on 10 million digital images taken from YouTube videos.
The story was also covered by National Public Radio and SmartPlanet.

In March 2013, Google hired Geoffrey Hinton, a leading researcher in the deep learning field, and acquired the company
DNNResearch Inc. headed by Hinton. Hinton said that he would be dividing his future time between his university research and
his work at Google.

On 26 January 2014, multiple news outlets stated that Google had purchased DeepMind Technologies for an undisclosed amount. 
Analysts later announced that the company was purchased for £400 Million ($650M USD / €486M), although later reports estimated
the acquisition was valued at over £500 Million. The acquisition reportedly took place after Facebook ended negotiations
with DeepMind Technologies in 2013, which resulted in no agreement or purchase of the company. Google has yet to comment or
make an official announcement on this acquisition.

In December 2012, futurist and inventor Ray Kurzweil, author of The Singularity is Near, joined Google in a full-time engineering
director role, but focusing on the deep learning project. It was reported that Kurzweil would have "unlimited resources" to 
pursue his vision at Google. However, he is leading his own team, which is independent of Google Brain.

Google is saying these AI research can change the way of life in an incent what can ruin the flow of life so they'er giving them 
slowly and keeping all the best techs' 
The project's technology is currently used in the Android Operating System's speech recognition system and photosearch
for Google+.

Google brain team main persons, "As of 2014, team members included Jeff Dean, Geoffrey Hinton, Greg Corrado, Quoc Le, Ilya
Sutskever, Alex Krizhevsky, Samy Bengio, and Vincent Vanhoucke" 
One of the greatest minds of world. 
